Neutral Milk Hotel In The Aeroplane OverThe Sea
Burial Untrue
Captaiin Beefheart and his magic band Trout mask replica
The antlers Hospice 
Arcd Fire funeral
The avalanches Since i left you  
King crimson - in the court of the crimson king
1: James Blake - James Blake
2: Modest Mouse - The Moon & Antarctica
3: Ride - Nowhere
4:Daft Punk - Discovery
5: Brian Wilson - SMILE
6: The Dismemberment Plan -
7: Massive Attack - Mezzanine
8: Wilco - Yankee Hotel Foxtrot
9: Kyuss - Welcome To Sky Valley
10: Godspeed You! Black Emperor - F#A#00
1: Smashing Pumpkins - Siamese Dream
2: The White Stripes - White Blood Cells
3: Panda Bear - Person Pitch
4: Sigur Rós - Ágætis Byrjun
5: DJ Shadow - Endtroducing.....
6: The Strokes - Is This It
7: The Tallest Man on Earth - The Wild Hunt
Newsom- -Ys
8: Joanna
9: Slint - Spiderland
10: Animal Collective - Feels
1: Brand New - The Devil And God Are Raging Inside Me
2: Guided By Voices - Bee Thousand
3: Cap'n Jazz - Analphabetapolothology
4: Cocteau Twins - Heaven Or Las Vegas
5: Beck - Odelay
6: Portishead - Dummy
7: Refused -The Shape Of Punk To Come
8: Elliott Smith - Either/Or
9: Belle and Sebastian - If You're Feeling Sinister
10: The Microphones - The Glow Pt. 2
1: Primal Scream - Screamadelica
2: Talk Talk-Laughing Stock
3: The Flaming Lips - Embryonic
Pavement - Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain
5: Boris - Pink
6: Blur - Parklife
7: Aphex Twin - Selected Ambient Works 85-92
8: Converge - Jane Doe
9: The Jesus Lizard - Goat
10: Nine Inch Nails - The Downward Spiral
1: Kraftwerk - Trans-Europe Express
2: Sonic Youth - Daydream Nation
3: Pixies - Doolittle
4: Bob Dylan - Blood On The Tracks
5: Joy Division - Unknown Pleasures
6: Miles Davis - Bitches Brew
7: Nick Drake - Pink Moon
: Michael Jackson - Thriller
9: Love - Forever Changes
10: The Replacements - Let It Be
1: The Clash - London Calling
2: Led Zeppelin-Led Zeppelin IV
3: The Velvet Underground - Loaded
4: Pixies - Surfer Rosa
5: Otis Redding - Otis Blue
6: The Cure - Disintegration
7: Devo - Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!
8: The Rolling Stones - Beggars Banquet
9: Big Black - Songs About Fucking
10: The Beatles - Revolver
1: David Bowie - Hunky Dory
2: Ramones - Ramones
3: Elvis Costello - My Aim Is True
4: Wire - Pink Flag
5: Pink Floyd - Dark Side Of The Moon
6: Iggy Pop - Lust For Life
7: Simon and Garfunkel - Bridge Over Troubled Water
8: Brian Eno - Another Green World
9: The Band - Music From Big Pink
10: Bob Dylan - Highway 61 Revisited
1: The Beatles - Abbey Road
2: The Kinks - The Kinks Are The Village Green PreservationSociety
3: Neil Young - Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere
5: Miles Davis - Kind Of Blue
6: Lou Reed - Transformer
7: The Doors - The Doors
8: Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band -Safe as Milk
9: Phil Spector (Various Artists) - Back To Mono
10: Black Sabbath - Paranoid
1: The Jesus And Mary Chain - Psychocandy
2: Gang Of Four - Entertainment!
3: Frank Sinatra - In The Wee Small Hours
4: : Derek & The Dominos - Layla And Other Assorted Love
5: Frank Zappa - Hot Rats
6: Stevie Wonder - Innervisions
7: James Brown - Live At The Apollo
8: T. Rex - Electric Warrior
10: Ken-By Request Only
1: Beastie Boys - Paul's Boutique
2: De La Soul - 3 Feet High And Rising
3: Black Star - Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star
4: Nas - Illmatic
: Madvillain - Madvillainy
6: OutKast - Aquemini
Jay-Z - The Blueprint
8: Ghostface Killah - Supreme Clientele
9: Big L- Lifestylez Ov Da Poor & Dangerous
10: Mos Def - Black On Both Sides
1: Kraftwerk - The Man-Machine
2: Air-Moon Safari
3: Venetian Snares - Rossz Csillag Alatt Született
4: The Orb - The Orb's Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld
5: The Future Sound Of London - Lifeforms
6: Tangerine Dream - Phaedra
7: Vangelis - Blade Runner
8: Underworld - Dubnobasswithmyheadman
10: UNKLE - Psyence Fiction
1: Autechre - Tri Repetae
2: The Chemical Brothers - Dig Your Own Hole
3: Fennesz - Endless Summer
4: Oval - 94 Diskont
5: The KLF - The White Room
6: Sasha & John Digweed - Northern Exposure: Expeditions
7: Flying Lotus - Cosmogramma
8: RJD2 - Deadringer
9: The Knife - Silent Shout
10: Röyksopp - Melody A.M.
1: Cynic - Focus
2: Opeth - Blackwater Park
3: Electric Wizard - Dopethrone
4: Death - Human
5: Blind Guardian - Nightfall In e Prodigy - Music For The Jilted Generation
6: Atheist - Unquestionable Presence
7: Candlemass - Epicus Doomicus Metallicus
8: Morbid Saint - Spectrum Of Death
9: Neurosis - Through Silver In Blood
10: Melvins - Houdini
1: The Flaming Lips - The Soft Bulletin
2: Weezer - Weezer
3: Pavement - Slanted And Enchanted
4:Aphex Twin - Richard D. James Album
5: The Magnetic Fields - 69 Love Songs
6: Boards Of Canada - Music Has The Right To Children
7: Modest Mouse - The Lonesome Crowded West
8: Radiohead - In Rainbows
9: Sufjan Stevens - Illinois
10: Interpol - Turn On The Bright Lights
1: Fleet Foxes - Fleet Foxes
2: Death From Above 1979 - You're A Woman, I'm A
Machine
3: Crystal Castles - Crystal Castles II
: Björk - Homogenic
5: Gorillaz - Demon Days
6: The Mars Volta-De-Loused In The Comatorium
7: Jeff Buckley - Grace
8: Sunny Day Real Estate - Diary
9: At The Drive-In - Relationship Of Command
10: Broken Social Scene -You Forgot It In People
1: Carissa's Wierd - Songs About Leaving
2: Built To Spil - Perfect From Now On
3: Nirvana -Nevermind
4: Justice - †
5: Spiritualized - Ladies And Gentlemen We Are Floating Ind Space
6: Ween - The Mollusk
Film Script, Dusk at Cubist Castle
8: Yo La Tengo - I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One
9: American Football - American Football
10: Slowdive - Souvlaki
1: Neil Young - After The Gold Rush
2: David Bowie - Low
3: Talking Heads - Remain In Light
4: The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead
6: Television - Marquee Moon
7: The Who - Who's Next
8: Van Morrison - Astral Weeks
9: Serge Gainsbourg - Histoire de Melody Nelson
10: Funkadelic - Maggot Brain
1: Minutemen - Double Nickels On The Dime
2: Sparks - Kimono My House
3: Patti Smith - Horses
4: Hüsker Dü- Zen Arcade
5: The Beatles - Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
6: Violent Femmes - Violent Femmes
7: Sly & The Family Stone - There's A Riot Goin' On
8: The Byrds - Sweetheart Of The Rodeo
9: Can - Tago Mago
Can - ege bamyasi
Can - soundtracks
10: Prince - Purple Rain
1: Creedence Clearwater Revival - Cosmo's Factory
2: Fleetwood Mac - Rumours
3: Leonard Cohen - Songs Of Love And Hate
4: Yes - Close to the Edge
5: David Bowie - Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars
6: R.E.M. - Murmur
7: Charles Mingus - The Black Saint And The Sinner Lady
9: The Who - Tommy
10: Pink Floyd - Animals
1: Throbbing Gristle - 20 Jazz Funk Greats
2: Bob Dylan - The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan
3: The Beach Boys - Pet Sounds
4: King Crimson - Red
The Stooges - Fun House
The Velvet Underground - The Velvet Underground &Nico
7: The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Are You Experienced
8: The Velvet Underground - White Light/White Heat
9: The Stone Roses - The Stone Roses
10: Bruce Springsteen - Born To Run
1: John Coltrane - A Love Supreme
2: Johnny Cash - At Folsom Prison
3: The Human League - Dare
4: Joni Mitchell - Blue
5: Steely Dan - Aja
6: Marvin Gaye - What's Going On
7: Neu! - Neu!
8: Dinosaur Jr. - You're Living All Over Me
9: The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Electric Ladyland
10: Paul Simon - Graceland
1: Public Enemy - It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back
2: Mobb Deep--The Infamous
3:A Tribe Called Quest - The Low End Theory
4: GZA/Genius - Liquid Swords
5: The Pharcyde - Bizzare Ride II The Pharcyde
6: The Wu-Tang Clan - Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)
7: Dr. Dre - The Chronic
8: Raekwon-Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...
9: Kanye West - Late Registration
10: The Notorious B.I.G. - Ready To Die
1: N.W.A. - Straight Outta Compton
2: Eric B. & Rakim - Paid In Full
3: Binary Star - Masters Of The Universe
4: Deltron - Deltron 3030
5: J Dilla - Donuts
Fugazi - instrument sountrack
Fugazi - 13 songs
6: Ultramagnetic MCs - Critical Beatdown
7: The Roots Things Fall Apart
8: Dr. Octagon - Dr. Octagonecologyst
9: 2Pac - All Eyez On Me
10: Dizzee Rascal - Boy In Da Corner
1: LFO - Frequencies
3: Alec Empire - The Destroyer
4: Helios - Eingya
5: Squarepusher - Hard Normal Daddy
6: Massive Attack - Blue Lines
7: Brian Eno - Ambient 1: Music For Airports
8: The Prodigy - Music For The Jilted Generation
9: Goldie - Timeless
10: Global Communication - 76:14
1: Metallica - Ride The Lightning
2: Megadeth - Rust In Peace
3: Slayer - Reign In Blood
4: Burzum - Filosofem
5: Mastodon-Leviathan
6: Iron Maiden - Powerslave
7: Black Sabbath - Master Of Reality
8: Metallica - Master Of Puppets
9: Morbid Angel - Altars Of Madness
10: Bathory - Hammerheart
1: Darkthrone - Transilvanian Hunger
2: Emperor - In The Nightside Eclipse
3: Boris Feedbacker
4: maudlin of the Well - Bath
5: Pentagram - Relentless
6: Agalloch - The Mantle
7: Earth-Earth 2: Special Low Frequency Version
8: Acid Bath - When The Kite String Pops
9: Sleep - Holy Mountain
10: Between The Buried And Me - Colors
Fats Waller, “Handful of Keys” (Proper, 2004; tracks recorded 1922-43).
King Oliver, “King Oliver’s Creole Jazz Band: The Complete Set” (Challenge, 1997; tracks recorded 1923).
Louis Armstrong, “The Complete Hot Five and Hot Seven Recordings” (Sony, 2006; tracks recorded 1925-29).
Louis Armstrong, “The Complete RCA Victor Recordings” (RCA, 2001; tracks recorded 1932-33 and 1946-47).
Louis Armstrong, “Louis Armstrong Plays W. C. Handy” (Columbia, 1954).
Fletcher Henderson, “Tidal Wave” (Verve, 1994; tracks recorded 1931-1934).
Bessie Smith, “The Essential Bessie Smith” (Sony, 1997; tracks recorded 1923-33).
Bix Beiderbecke, “The Bix Beiderbecke Story” (Proper, 2003; tracks recorded 1924-30).
Django Reinhardt, “The Classic Early Recordings in Chronological Order” (JSP, 2000; tracks recorded 1934-39).
Jelly Roll Morton, “Jelly Roll Morton: 1926-1930” (JSP, 2000).
Sidney Bechet, “The Sidney Bechet Story” (Proper, 2001; tracks recorded 1923-50).
Duke Ellington, “The OKeh Ellington” (Sony, 1991—tracks recorded 1927-31).
Duke Ellington, “Golden Greats” (Disky, 2002; tracks recorded 1927-48).
Duke Ellington, “Never No Lament: The Blanton-Webster Band” (RCA, 2003; tracks recorded 1940-42).
Duke Ellington, “Ellington at Newport 1956” (Sony, 1999).
Duke Ellington, “Money Jungle” (Blue Note Records, 1962).
Coleman Hawkins, “The Essential Sides Remastered, 1929-39” (JSP, 2006).
Coleman Hawkins, “The Bebop Years” (Proper, 2001; tracks recorded 1939-49).
Billie Holiday, “Lady Day: The Master Takes and Singles” (Sony, 2007; tracks recorded 1933-44).
Teddy Wilson, “The Noble Art of Teddy Wilson” (ASV Living Era, 2002; tracks recorded 1933-46).
Lester Young, “The Lester Young/Count Basie Sessions 1936-40” (Mosaic, 2008; available direct through Mosaic).
Lester Young, “Kansas City Swing” (Definitive, 2004; tracks recorded 1938-44).
Count Basie, “The Complete Decca Recordings” (Verve, 1992; tracks recorded 1937-39).
Count Basie, “The Complete Atomic Basie” (Blue Note, 1994; tracks recorded 1958).
Benny Goodman, “At Carnegie Hall—1938—Complete” (Columbia, 1999).
John Kirby Sextet, “Night Whispers: 1938-46” (Jazz Legends, 2005).
Chick Webb, “Stomping at the Savoy” (Proper, 2006; tracks recorded 1931-39).
Benny Carter, “3, 4, 5: The Verve Small Group Sessions” (Polygram, 1991; tracks recorded 1954).
Charlie Christian, “The Genius of the Electric Guitar” (Definitive, 2005; tracks recorded 1939-41).
James P. Johnson, “The Original James P. Johnson: 1942-1945 Piano Solos” (Smithsonian Folkways, 1996).
The Nat King Cole Trio, “The Best of the Nat King Cole Trio: The Vocal Classics, Vol. 1, 1942-1946” (Blue Note, 1995).
Charlie Parker, “The Complete Savoy and Dial Sessions” (Uptown Jazz, 2005; tracks recorded 1944-48).
Charlie Parker, “Bird: The Complete Charlie Parker on Verve” (Polygram, 1988; tracks recorded 1946-54).
Charlie Parker, “Best of the Complete Live Performances on Savoy” (Savoy, 2002; tracks recorded 1948-49).
Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker, “Town Hall, New York City, June 22, 1945” (Uptown Jazz, 2005).
Dizzy Gillespie, “The Complete RCA Victor Recordings, 1947-49” (RCA, 1995).
Thelonious Monk, “Genius of Modern Music, Vol. 1” (Blue Note, 2001; tracks recorded 1947).
Thelonious Monk, “Live at the It Club, 1964” (Sony, 1998).
Thelonious Monk, “Thelonious Monk with John Coltrane: The Complete 1957 Riverside Recordings” (Riverside, 2006).
Lennie Tristano and Warne Marsh, “Intuition” (Blue Note, 1996; tracks recorded 1949 and 1956).
Miles Davis, “The Complete Birth of the Cool” (Blue Note, 1998; tracks recorded 1948-50).
Miles Davis, “Bags’ Groove” (Prestige, 1954).
Miles Davis, “Kind of Blue” (Sony, 1959).
Miles Davis, “Highlights from the Plugged Nickel” (Sony, 1995; tracks recorded 1965).
Miles Davis, “Bitches Brew” (Columbia, 1969).
Bud Powell, “The Amazing Bud Powell, Vol. 1” (Blue Note, 2001; tracks recorded 1949-1951), Vol. 2 (Blue Note, 2001; tracks recorded 1953).
Gerry Mulligan, “The Original Quartet with Chet Baker” (Blue Note, 1998; tracks recorded 1952-53).
Modern Jazz Quartet, “Django” (Prestige, 1953).
Art Tatum, “The Best of the Pablo Solo Masterpieces” (Pablo, 2003; tracks recorded 1953-56).
Clifford Brown and Max Roach, “Clifford Brown & Max Roach” (EmArcy, 1954).
Sarah Vaughan, “Sarah Vaughan with Clifford Brown” (EmArcy, 1954).
Charles Mingus, “Mingus at the Bohemia (Debut, 1955).
Charles Mingus, “Mingus Ah Um” (Columbia, 1959).
Charles Mingus Sextet, “Cornell 1964” (Blue Note, 2007).
Ella Fitzgerald, “Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Cole Porter Songbook” (Verve, 1956).
Sonny Rollins, “Saxophone Colossus” (Prestige, 1956).
Sonny Rollins, “Night at the Village Vanguard” (Blue Note, 1957).
Sonny Rollins and Coleman Hawkins, “Sonny Meets Hawk!” (RCA, 1963).
Tito Puente, “King of Kings: The Very Best of Tito Puente” (RCA, 2002; tracks recorded 1956-60).
Sun Ra, “Greatest Hits—Easy Listening for Intergalactic Travel” (Evidence, 2000; tracks recorded 1956-73).
Abbey Lincoln, “That’s Him” (Riverside, 1957).
Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers, “Moanin’” (Blue Note, 1958).
Ahmad Jamal Trio, “Cross Country Tour: 1958-1961” (Verve, 1998).
The Dave Brubeck Quartet, “Time Out” (Sony, 1959).
Jimmy Witherspoon, “The ’Spoon Concerts” (Fantasy, 1989; tracks recorded 1959).
Ornette Coleman, “Beauty Is a Rare Thing: The Complete Atlantic Recordings” (Atlantic, 1993; tracks recorded 1959-61).
Ornette Coleman, “Dancing in Your Head” (Horizon, 1973).
Freddie Hubbard, “Open Sesame” (Blue Note, 1960).
Jimmy Smith, “Back at the Chicken Shack” (Blue Note, 2007; tracks recorded in 1960).
Dinah Washington, “First Issue: The Dinah Washington Story” (Polygram, 1993; tracks recorded 1943-61).
John Coltrane, “My Favorite Things” (Atlantic, 1960).
John Coltrane, “The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings” (GRP, 1997; tracks recorded 1961).
John Coltrane, “A Love Supreme” (Impulse!, 1964).
John Coltrane, “Ascension” (Impulse!, 1965).
Eric Dolphy, “Out There” (New Jazz, 1960).
Eric Dolphy, “Out to Lunch!” (Blue Note, 1964).
Bill Evans, “The Complete Village Vanguard Recordings, 1961” (Riverside, 2005).
Jackie McLean, “A Fickle Sonance” (Blue Note, 1961).
Stan Getz and João Gilberto, “Getz/Gilberto” (Verve, 1963).
Dexter Gordon, “Our Man in Paris” (Blue Note, 1963).
Andrew Hill, “Smokestack” (Blue Note, 1963).
Lee Morgan, “The Sidewinder” (Blue Note, 1963).
Albert Ayler, “Spiritual Unity” (ESP, 1964).
Archie Shepp, “Four for Trane” (Impulse!, 1964).
Horace Silver, “Song for My Father” (Blue Note, 1964).
Wes Montgomery, “Smokin’ at the Half Note” (Verve, 2005; tracks recorded 1965).
Cecil Taylor, “Conquistador!” (Blue Note, 1966).
Betty Carter, “Betty Carter’s Finest Hour” (Verve, 2003; tracks recorded 1958-92).
Frank Sinatra, “Sinatra at the Sands with Count Basie & the Orchestra” (Reprise, 1966).
Frank Sinatra, “The Capitol Years” (Capitol, 1990; tracks recorded 1953-62).
Nina Simone, “Sugar in My Bowl: The Very Best of Nina Simone, 1967-1972” (RCA, 1998).
Pharoah Sanders, “Karma” (Impulse!, 1969).
Chick Corea, “Return to Forever” (ECM, 1972).
Keith Jarrett, “The Köln Concert, 1975” (ECM, 1999).
World Saxophone Quartet, “World Saxophone Quartet Plays Duke Ellington” (Nonesuch, 1986).
Charlie Haden and Hank Jones, “Steal Away” (Polygram, 1995).
Joshua Redman Quartet, “Spirit of the Moment: Live at the Village Vanguard” (Warner Bros., 1995).
Cassandra Wilson, “Traveling Miles” (Blue Note, 1999).
Wynton Marsalis Septet, “Live at the Village Vanguard” (Sony, 1999).
The Bill Charlap Trio, “Live at the Village Vanguard” (Blue Note, 2007).
