from normal mode to insert mode 
	i    Insert text before the cursor
	I    Insert text before the first non-blank character of the line
	a    Append text after the cursor
	A    Append text at the end of line
	o    Starts a new line below the cursor and insert text
	O    Starts a new line above the cursor and insert text
	s    Delete the character under the cursor and insert text
	S    Delete the current line and insert text
	gi   Insert text in same position where the last insert mode was stopped
	gI   Insert text at the start of line (column 1)

to exit insert mode 
	<Esc>     Exits insert mode and go to normal mode
	Ctrl-[    Exits insert mode and go to normal mode
	Ctrl-C    Like Ctrl-[ and <Esc>, but does not check for abbreviation
	
	
You can pass a count parameter before entering insert mode
after exiting the insert mode vim will repeat what you insert the number of count

	
delting in insert mode
	Ctrl-H    Delete one character
	Ctrl-W    Delete one word
	Ctrl-U    Delete the entire line
	
insert from registers	
Vim registers can store texts for future use. To insert a text from any named register while in insert mode, 
type Ctrl-R plus the register symbol. 
There are many symbols you can use, but for this section, let's cover only the named registers (a-z).
	to yank a word to the register type:
		"ayiw
	    	"a tells Vim that the target of your next action will go to register a.
	        yiw yanks inner word. Review the chapter on Vim grammar for a refresher.
	to paste the text stored in register a:
		CTRL-R a(name or register)

Scrolling:
	if you go to Ctrl-X sub-mode, you can do additional operations. 
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-Y    Scroll up
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-E    Scroll down
	
autocompletion:
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-L      Insert a whole line
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-N      Insert a text from current file
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-I      Insert a text from included files
	Ctrl-X Ctrl-F      Insert a file name
	
	When you trigger autocompletion, Vim will display a pop-up window. 
	To navigate up and down the pop-up window, use Ctrl-N and Ctrl-P
	
	fromVim also has two autocompletion shortcuts that don't involve the Ctrl-X sub-mode:
	Ctrl-N             Find the next word match
	Ctrl-P             Find the previous word match
	
	NT:Vim looks at the text in all available buffers for autocompletion source.
	
exexuting normal command in insert mode:
	While in insert mode, if you press Ctrl-O, you'll be in insert-normal sub-mode.
	In this mode, you can do one normal mode command. Some things you can do
	Ctrl-O zz       Center window
	Ctrl-O H/M/L    Jump to top/middle/bottom window
	Ctrl-O 'a       Jump to mark a
	Ctrl-O 100ihello    Insert "hello" 100 times
	Ctrl-O !! curl https://google.com    Run curl
	Ctrl-O !! pwd                        Run pwd
	Ctrl-O dtz    Delete from current location till the letter "z"
	Ctrl-O D      Delete from current location to the end of the line
	
	
